what's going on guys it is dying to see
where you guys some more news for
injustice gods among us is upcoming
balance patch now this past week this
whole weekend I've actually been
covering the whole balance passion tends
to be released in the next month if you
did not note the balance patch it's
really about a balanced fast it's been
in the works since I believe the evil
tournament post evo um really they've
wanted to come out and just balance
every single fighter and injustice where
um despite which carrier you picked you
had an equal chance that winning the
match for instance I mean if you have a
talk to a fighter like Superman you're
going against somebody who was at one
time really low like Lobo all there
really was unfair so this whole balance
patch is gonna give some of the lower
tier guys some more upgrades so in a
sense they'll be able to compete with
guys like Superman in the top a-list
like talk to your gold characters now if
that said today Edwin actually went out
and sweet about an hour ago you photo
it's Joker's patch upgrades you're
looking at here right here like always
there's three bullets the first is the
crowbar if you do not know Joker um well
if you don't know like Joker's up he
uses the crowbar you know it's like this
main source for like busting out combos
and stuff some of the special moves is
now safer when blocked and you know he i
believe it's like uh down back or it's
like back its back forward eh i'm not
sure it is in the eye of a playstation 3
butts back for table even easy like the
crowbar move and if you do that move it
really takes a good and I'm gonna say
four to five seconds he despite missing
your me no hitting or having it blocked
cool thing is now it's now safer when
blog so I'd imagine that when you're
doing that say the opponent blocks it
instead of carrying out the whole rest
of the animation you just simply just
stop so makes Joker quicker along with
that the enhanced meter for me to burn
version freeze Joker faster I'm like I
said all at all it's gonna make that
whole you know his crowbar special move
a lot quicker so if you go forward
despite you know him may be missing the
move or your opponent blocking it you're
not selected that five second animation
usually happens last but not least is
the Assam blossom consistently freeze
consistently freeze Joker faster and
blocked i know i said last but not least
i skipped a second bullet on i'm blind
guys i was raining outside and i just
got home whoo anyways all the acid i'll
go back to number two right now the acid
blossom consistently freeze Joker faster
and block light the crowbar he has that
asset Boston blue that you can see there
i believe it's on his like little tux
there he shoots out the little flower
believe he shoots out acid and what it
does does the opponent so you can go on
there pull off a combo they can't blanc
and the cool thing is is like to the
crowbar i mean if you do that and we
were to block it the animation yet the
way for the whole animation so if this
it's like um hey he gets blocked but it
doesn't matter because it's i'm not
having to perform a five second
animation it gets cut down prolly to the
half you know 2.5 seconds is pretty
cool all in all it's making
Joker faster now the last but not least
the second boy Joker's wild a wild Perry
high and low version start up faster and
it's pretty self-explanatory of Harry's
of Perea min a Perry hey Perry Perry
Perry but um yeah so laughter looking at
jokers upgrades seem that they really
just them I didn't think he needed that
much of a boost but to see that they're
making characters not even faster they
want gameplay to be faster in certain
characters pretty cool and I'm excited
you know I'm excited cuz I did not see
this happening I did not think Joker
necessarily needed to be upgraded bought
up to see that they even going as far as
though you know just speeding up the
whole game play for Senate characters
and it's really cool so when you're
playing Joker this update patch comes
out expect them you know faster Joker
expect a faster opponent if you're
playing in choker and yeah that's kind
of a look at jokers patch upgrades hope
you guys enjoyed job like leave a
comment and now I got another video may
be coming out this afternoon if not for
sure tomorrow so stay tuned for that
I'll let you guys know have a great day
and I'll see you guys later peace